feat(alert): add i18n props (#2253)
twilio-labs/paste: packages/paste-website/src/pages/components/alert/index.mdx

</Alert>`}
</LivePreview>

### Internationalization

To internationalize an alert, simply pass different text as children to the alert.
The only exceptions to this are the labels for both the dismiss button and the variant icons.
To change the dismiss button&apos;s label text, use the `i18nDismissLabel` prop.
To change the label of a variant's icon, use the matching i18n prop for the variant.

> For a `success` variant, for example, set the `i18nSuccessLabel` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For an `error` variant, for example, set the `i18nErrorLabel` prop.
```
